Tier 1
	1. Skin detection: A step-by-step example using Python and opencv
	2. Getting Started with Deep Learning and Python
	3. Deep learning on Amazon EC2 GPU with Python and nolearn
	4. Real-time barcode detection in video with Python and OpenCV
	5. Find distance from camera to object/marker using Python and OpenCV
	6. (Faster) Non-maximum suppression in Python
	7. Image pyramids with python and opencv
	8. Sliding windows for object detection with python and opencv
	9. Target acquired: Finding targets in drone and quadcopter video streams using python and openCV
	10. Creating a face detection API with Python and OpenCV
	11. Basic motion detectin and tracking with Python and OpenCV
	12. OpenCV Track Object Movement
	13. Scraping images with Python and Scrapy
	14. Pedestrian Detection OpenCV
	15. Detecting machine-readable zones in passport images
	16. Saving key event video clips with OpenCV
	17. Measuring distance between objects in an image with openCV
	18. Detecting cats in images with OpenCV
	19. Installing Keras for deep learning
	20. Convolutions with OpenCV and Python
	21. LeNet - Convolutional Neural Network in Python
	22. k-NN classifier for image classification
	23. ImageNet classification with Python and Keras
	24. How to tune hyperparameters with Python and scikit-learn
	25. An intro to linear classification with Python
	26. Multi-class SVM Loss
	27. Softmax classifiers explained
	28. Understanding regularization for image classification and machine learning
	29. A simple neural network with Python and Keras
	30. Gradient descent with Python
	31. Stochastic Gradient Descent with Python
	32. Intersection over Union for object detection
	33. Installing Keras with tensorflow backend
	34. Count the total number of frames in a video with OpenCV and python
	35. Faster video file FPS with cv2.VideoCapture and OpenCV
	36. ImageNet: VGGNet, ResNet, Inception and Xception with Keras
	37. Deep Learning with OpenCV
	38. Object Detection with deep learning and OpenCV
	39. Real-timeobject detection with deep learning and OpenCV
	40. How-To: Multi-GPU training with Keras, Python, and deep learning
	41. Deep learning: How OpenCV's blobFromImage works
	42. How to create a deep learning dataset using Google Images
	43. Image classification with Keras and deep learning
	44. How to quickly build a deep learning image dataset
	45. Keras and Convolutional neural Networks
	46. Running Keras models on iOS with CoreML
	47. A fun, hands-on deep learning project for beginners, students, and hobbyists
	48. Multi-label classification with Keras
	49. A gentle guide to deep learning object detection
	50. Keras: Multiple outputs and multiple losses
	51. How to build a custom face recognition datasete
	52. Face recognition with OpenCV, Python, and deep learning
	53. Simple object tracking with OpenCV
	54. OpenCV Object Tracking
	55. Tracking multiple objects with OpenCV
	56. OpenCV Peeople Counter
	57. Keras tutorial: How to get started with Keras, Deep Learning and Python
	58. openCv face recognition
	59. Deep learning, hydroponics, and medical marijuana
	60. Object tracking with dlib
	61. Multi-object tracking with dlib
	62. YOLO Object detection with OpenCV
	63. Mask R-CNN with OpenCV
	64. Deep learning and medical image analysis with Keras
	65. Keras save and load your deep learning models
	66. How to use Keras fit and fit_generator (a hands-on tutorial)
	67. Keras Conv2D and Convolutional Layers
	68. Auto-Keras and  AutoML: A Getting Started Guide
	69. Machine learning in python
	70. Regression with Keras
	71. Keras, Regression and cNNs
	72. Keras: Multiple inputs and mixed data
	73. Fashoin MNIST with Keras and deep learning
	74. Breast cancer classification with Keras and Deep Learning
	75. Liveliness Detection with OpenCV
	76. Detecting Parkinson's Disease with OpenCV, Computer  Vision, and the Spiral/Wave test
	77. Transfer Learning with Kerasa and Deep Learning
	78. Keras: Feature extraction on large datasets with Deep Learning
	
Tier 2
	Detecting circles in images using opencv and hough circles
	OpenCV and Python K-Means Color Clustering
	Super fast color transfer between images
	Color Quantization with OpenCV using K-means Clustering
	Segmentation: A SLIC superpixel tutorial using python
	Opencv and python color detection
	4 point OpenCV getPerspective Transform example
	How-To: Python Compare two images
	Finding the brightest spot in an image using Python and OpenCV
	Finding Shapes in Images using Python and OpenCV
	Open CV Shape Descriptor: Hu Moments Example
	How to display Matplotlib RGB image
	Histogram of Oriented Gradients and Object detection
	Detecting barcodes in images with python and opencv
	Adding a web interface to our image search engine with Flask
	Accessing individual superpixel segmentations with python
	Multi-scale template matching using python and opencv
	Removing contours through an image using Python and OpenCV
	Convert URL to image with python and open CV
	Capturing mouse click events with Python and Open CV
	Sorting contours using python and open cv
	Blur detection with OpenCV
	Analyzing 91 years of Time magazine covers for visual trends
	HOG detectMultiScale parameters explained
	Local binary patterns with python and openCV
	Increasing webcam FPS with Python and OpenCV
	OpenCV center of contour
	OpenCV shape detection
	Determining object color with  OpenCV
	Transparent overlays with OpenCV
	Ordering coordinates clockwise with Python and OpenCV
	Finding extreme points in contours with OpenCV
	Watermarking images with OpenCV and Python
	Displaying a video feed with OpenCV and Tkinter
	Detecting multiple bright spots in an image with Python and OpenCV
	Rotate images correctly with OpenCV and python
	Generating movie barcodes with OpenCV and Python
	Seam carving with OpenCV, Python, and scikit-image
	Recognizing digits with OpenCV and Python
	Text skew correction with OpenCV and Python
	Face Alignment with OpenCV and Python
	Montages with OpenCV
	Computing image "colorfulness" with OpenCV and Python
	Image Difference with OpenCV and Python
	Labeling superpixel colorfulness with OpenCV and Python
	Installing Tesseract for OCR
	Using Tesseract OCR with Python
	Credit card OCR with OpenCV and Pythono
	Bank check OCR with OpenV and Python
	Fast, optimized  "for" pixel loops with OpenCV and Python
	Image hashing with OpenCV  and Python
	Taking screenshots with OpenCV and Python
	Python argparse, and command line arguments
	Reading barcodes with Python and Open MV
	An OpenCV barcode and QR code scanner with Zbar
	Face clustering with python
	OpenCV Saliency Detection
	OpenCV Text Detection
	Neural Style Transfer with Open CV
	Semantic segmentation with OpenCV and deep learning
	OpenCV OCR and text recognition with Tesseract
	Creating GIFs with OpenCV
	Instance Segmentation with OpenCV
	Image stitching with OpenCV and Python
	Black and white image colorization with OpenCV and Deep Learning
	Holistically-Nested Edge Detection with OpenCV and Deep Learning
	Live video streaming over network with OpenCV and Image ZMQ
	How to install CUDA toolkit and cuDNN for deep learning
	Compiling OpenCV with CUDA support

Tier 3
	Announcing "Case Studies: Solving real world problems with computer vision"
	How-to: 3 Ways to compare histograms using opencv and python
	Thresholding: simple image segmentation using OpenCV
	The complete guide to building an image search engine with Python and OpenCV
	Install opencv and python on your raspberry Pi 2 and B+
	Accessing the raspberry pi camera with opencv and python
	Zero-parameter, automatic canny edge detection with python and opencv
	Implementing RootSift in python and OpenCV
	Home surveillance and motion detection with the Raspberry Pi, Python, OpenCV, and dropbox
	Install OpenCV 3.0 and Python 2.7+ on OSX
	Install …
	Install …
	Install …
	Install …
	The perfect computer  vision environment: PyCharm, OpenCV, and python virtual environments
	How to find functions by name in Open CV
	Implement the Max RGB filter in OpenCV
	OpenCV Gamma Correction
	How to install OpenCV 3 on Raspbian Jessie
	Watershed OpenCV
	Installing openCV on your raspberry Pi z ero
	Increasing Raspberry Pi FPS with Python and OpenCV
	Unifying picamera and cv2.VideoCapture into a single class with OpenCV
	OpenCV panorama stitching
	Multiple cameras with the Raspberry Pi and OpenCV
	Real time panorama and image stitching with OpenCV
	Writing to video with OpenCV
	Install guide: Raspberry Pi 3 + Raspbian Jessie + OpenCV3
	Accessing Rpi.GPIO and GPIO Zero with OpenCV + Python
	OpenCV, Rpi.GPIO, and GPIO Zero on the Raspberry Pi
	OpenCV with Tkinter
	Ubuntu 16.04: How to install OpenCV
	macOS: Install OpenCV 3 and Python 2.7
	Install …
	Install …
	How to install dlib
	Install dlib on the Raspberry Pi
	Resolving macOS, OpenCV, and Homebrew install errors
	Long exposure with OpenCV and Python
	Raspbian Stretch: Install OpenCV 3 + Python on your Raspberry Pi
	How to install mxnet for deep learning
	Keras and deep learning on the Raspberry Pi
	Install dlib (the easy, complete guide)
	Getting started with the Intel Modvidius Neural Compute Stick
	Real time object detection on the Raspberry pi with the Movidius NCS
	Ubuntu 18.04: How to install OpenCV
	Raspberry Pi Face Recognition
	How to install OpenCV 4 on Ubuntu
	Install OpenCV 4 on mac OS
	Pip install opencv
	Install openCV 4 on your raspberry Pi
	Building a Raspberry Pi Security Camera with OpenCV
	Pan/tilt face tracking with a Raspberr Pi and Open CV
	OpenVINO, OpenCV, and Movidius NCS on the Raspberry Pi
	Getting  started with Google Coral's TPU USB  Accelerator
	Getting started with the NVIDIA Jetson Nano
	Object detection and image classification with Google Coral USB Accelerator
	
Crash  Course
	How to build a kick-ass mobile document scanner in just 5 minutes
	Ball tracking with OpenCV
	Measuring size of objects in an image with OpenCV
	Bubble sheet multiple choice scanner and test grader using OMR, Python and OpenCV
	Facial landmarks with dlib, OpenCV, and Python
	Detect eyes, nose, lips, and jaw with dlib, OpenCV, and Python
	Real-tie facial landmark detection with OpenCV, Python, and dlilb
	Eye blink detection with OpenCV, Python and dlib
	Drowsiness detection with OpenCV
	Face detection with OpenCV and deep learning
	OpenCV Tutorial: A guide to Learn OpenCV
