Applied Machine Learning Theory (Just Notes Probably. Maybe Implement Later)
	1. Getting Started with Deep Learning and Python
	2. Deep learning on Amazon EC2 GPU with Python and nolearn
	3. Installing Keras for deep learning
	4. Convolutions with OpenCV and Python
	5. LeNet - Convolutional Neural Network in Python
	6. k-NN classifier for image classification
	7. ImageNet classification with Python and Keras
	8. How to tune hyperparameters with Python and scikit-learn
	9. An intro to linear classification with Python
	10. Multi-class SVM Loss
	11. Softmax classifiers explained
	12. Understanding regularization for image classification and machine learning
	13. A simple neural network with Python and Keras
	14. Gradient descent with Python
	15. Stochastic Gradient Descent with Python
	16. Intersection over Union for object detection
	17. Installing Keras with tensorflow backend
	18. Deep Learning with OpenCV
	19. How-To: Multi-GPU training with Keras, Python, and deep learning
	20. Deep learning: How OpenCV's blobFromImage works
	21. Keras and Convolutional neural Networks
	22. Running Keras models on iOS with CoreML
	23. Multi-label classification with Keras
	24. Keras: Multiple outputs and multiple losses
	25. Keras tutorial: How to get started with Keras, Deep Learning and Python
	26. Mask R-CNN with OpenCV
	27. Keras save and load your deep learning models
	28. How to use Keras fit and fit_generator (a hands-on tutorial)
	29. Keras Conv2D and Convolutional Layers
	30. Auto-Keras and  AutoML: A Getting Started Guide
	31. Machine learning in python
	32. Regression with Keras
	33. Keras, Regression and cNNs
	34. Keras: Multiple inputs and mixed data

Object Detection Applications (Actually Implement)
	1. Real-time barcode detection in video with Python and OpenCV
	2. (Faster) Non-maximum suppression in Python
	3. Image pyramids with python and opencv
	4. Sliding windows for object detection with python and opencv
	5. Target acquired: Finding targets in drone and quadcopter video streams using python and openCV
	6. Basic motion detectin and tracking with Python and OpenCV
	7. OpenCV Track Object Movement
	8. Pedestrian Detection OpenCV
	9. Detecting cats in images with OpenCV
	10. Object Detection with deep learning and OpenCV
	11. Real-timeobject detection with deep learning and OpenCV
	12. A gentle guide to deep learning object detection
	13. Simple object tracking with OpenCV
	14. OpenCV Object Tracking
	15. Tracking multiple objects with OpenCV
	16. OpenCV Peeople Counter
	17. Object tracking with dlib
	18. Multi-object tracking with dlib
	19. YOLO Object detection with OpenCV
	20. Transfer Learning with Kerasa and Deep Learning
	

Non Object Detection Applications
	1. Skin detection: A step-by-step example using Python and opencv
	2. Find distance from camera to object/marker using Python and OpenCV
	3. Creating a face detection API with Python and OpenCV
	4. Scraping images with Python and Scrapy
	5. Detecting machine-readable zones in passport images
	6. Saving key event video clips with OpenCV
	7. Measuring distance between objects in an image with openCV
	8. Count the total number of frames in a video with OpenCV and python
	9. Faster video file FPS with cv2.VideoCapture and OpenCV
	10. ImageNet: VGGNet, ResNet, Inception and Xception with Keras
	11. How to create a deep learning dataset using Google Images
	12. A fun, hands-on deep learning project for beginners, students, and hobbyists
	13. How to build a custom face recognition datasete
	14. Face recognition with OpenCV, Python, and deep learning
	15. openCv face recognition
	16. Deep learning, hydroponics, and medical marijuana
	17. Deep learning and medical image analysis with Keras
	18. Fashoin MNIST with Keras and deep learning
	19. Breast cancer classification with Keras and Deep Learning
	20. Liveliness Detection with OpenCV
	21. Detecting Parkinson's Disease with OpenCV, Computer  Vision, and the Spiral/Wave test
	22. Keras: Feature extraction on large datasets with Deep Learning
	
	
	
	
